[monitoring-kubernetes] ebpf-exporter fix min kernel version (#7272)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/340-monitoring-kubernetes/docs/README.md

- The cases of the prolonged CPU stealing.
- The state of the Conntrack table on nodes.
- The Pods that report an incorrect state (due to kubelet-related or other issues), etc.

> For collect metrics about Linux Memory Overcommitment, Linux kernel version to be >= 5.8.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To collect metrics about Linux Memory Overcommitment, Linux kernel version >= `5.8.0` is required.
```
